# Musicbot

In this project we, would be combining multiple services and open-source tools to make a chatbot that suggest’s song based on the tone of the conservation on which the user is having with the Chatbot. It could live in any major chat applications like Facebook Messenger, Slack, Telegram, Text Messages, etc.

We would be building an extensive Chatbot service, to which we can talk to. And talking to a chatbot wouldn't be business-driven. It would just be casual conversations. Further, on top of it, the chatbot would also be suggesting songs to the user based on the tone of the user. This song suggestion feature is the use of Last.fm API, very much similar to the popular Spotify API. Also for tone/emotion analysis of the conversation we will be using the IBM Tone Analyzer API.

Collaborating with these types of APIs is very much critical as in today's world the popular chatbots do much more than simply having a data-driven conversation to supplement additional user-oriented features. Also the reason to choose python to build the chatbot is because python boasts a wide array of open-source libraries for chatbots, including scikit-learn and TensorFlow.

In this area of technological advancements, songs suggestion based on mood is much needed at it will help humans relieve stress and listen to song’s according to their mood.

In this project, we have implemented a chatbot that suggests songs based on the user's text tone. By analyzing the tone of the text expressed by the user, we can identify the mood. Once the mood is identified, the application will play songs in the form of a web page(ANVIL) based on the user's choice as well as his current mood.  


                                                                      #Abstract
In this project we, would be combining multiple services and open-source tools to make a chatbot that suggest’s song based on the tone of the conservation on which the user is having with the Chatbot. It could live in any major chat applications like Facebook Messenger, Slack, Telegram, Text Messages, etc. We would be building an extensive Chatbot service, to which we can talk to. And talking to a chatbot wouldn't be business-driven. It would just be casual conversations. Further, on top of it, the chatbot would also be suggesting songs to the user based on the tone of the user. This song suggestion feature is the use of Last.fm API, very much similar to the popular Spotify API. Also for tone/emotion analysis of the conversation we will be using the IBM Tone Analyzer API. Collaborating with these types of APIs is very much critical as in today's world the popular chatbots do much more than simply having a data-driven conversation to supplement additional user-oriented features. Also the reason to choose python to build the chatbot is because python boasts a wide array of open-source libraries for chatbots, including scikit-learn and TensorFlow. In this area of technological advancements, songs suggestion based on mood is much needed at it will help humans relieve stress and listen to song’s according to their mood. In this project, we have implemented a chatbot that suggests songs based on the user's text tone. By analyzing the tone of the text expressed by the user, we can identify the mood. Once the mood is identified, the application will play songs in the form of a web page(ANVIL) based on the user's choice as well as his current mood. 
